---
title : A few from 2004
date : 2012-12-06
categories : 
tags : 

---
  
  
  
The Dalai Lama  
is a sham!  
  
Seek not the truth  
from Greenspan!  
  
The true road  
to liberation  
was paved  
by Hap!  
  
  
          *The Wedding Begins!*   
          Engagement Party, Cupertino © October 18, 2004  
  
  
  
  
a dark blue line  
  
  
the starry sky  
devouring   
the dusk?  
  
a Rothko   
painting?  
  
a vein of  
lapis lazuli?  
  
  
Karn  
  
  
           *J & W *  
           Wedding Reception, Minneapolis © June 12, 2004  
  
  
  
  
If Nancy's eyes  
could lick...  
  
The entire world  
would be wet...  
  
  
          The California Academy of Sciences' *The Staff Parties!*  
          Holiday Party, San Francisco © December 20, 2004  
  
  
  
  
Raise the handle  
and plunge!  
Over and over!  
The result?  
Whipped cream!  
  
Invite all the world leaders  
to meet!  
Over and over!  
The result?  
World peace!  
  
Laugh with Bibi!  
Over and over!  
The result?  
Whipped cream and world peace!  
  
  
          *M's Multiple Birthdays Bash*  
          Birthday Party, Cupertino © September 17, 2004  
  
  
  
  
Dennis  
asks the big  
questions  
of life  
as gently  
as the grandfather  
crosses   
the river   
on stones...  
  
But unlike   
the grandfather  
you can hear  
Dennis laughing  
when he falls in...  
  
  
          *Disguise Your Eyes: A Masked Ball at City Hall*  
          CA Academy of Sciences' Ball, San Francisco © May 14, 2004  
  
  
  
Jennifer  
won't be whipped  
or lassoed  
or haltered  
or saddled...  
  
You, however,  
are a different  
story...  
  
  
          The Local Patorn Holiday Shop's* Opening Night!*  
          Grand Opening, San Francisco © December 3, 2004  
  
  
  
Bond tried  
too hard...  
  
Hemmingway  
took himself  
too seriously...  
  
Sterling Hayden  
too rough hewn...  
  
If you truly wish  
to be stirred  
not shaken,  
mix  
with Eddie.  
  
  
          *Aboard the Wakashan  
*          Private Party, San Rafael © June 21, 2004